<class 'pandas.core.frame.DataFrame'>
Int64Index: 66416 entries, 0 to 78387
Data columns (total 40 columns):
repo_id                                66416 non-null int64
url                                    66416 non-null object
language                               45384 non-null object
fork_count                             66416 non-null int64
stargazer_count                        66416 non-null int64
focal_class_identifier                 66416 non-null object
focal_class_superclass                 17551 non-null object
focal_class_interfaces                 25778 non-null object
focal_class_fields                     66416 non-null object
focal_class_methods                    66416 non-null object
focal_class_file                       66416 non-null object
focal_method_identifier                66416 non-null object
focal_method_parameters                66416 non-null object
focal_method_modifiers                 64229 non-null object
focal_method_return                    65784 non-null object
focal_method_body                      66416 non-null object
focal_method_signature                 66416 non-null object
focal_method_full_signature            66416 non-null object
focal_method_class_method_signature    66416 non-null object
focal_method_testcase                  66416 non-null bool
focal_method_constructor               66416 non-null bool
focal_method_invocations               66416 non-null object
test_class_identifier                  66416 non-null object
test_class_superclass                  12187 non-null object
test_class_interfaces                  231 non-null object
test_class_fields                      66416 non-null object
test_class_file                        66416 non-null object
test_case_identifier                   66413 non-null object
test_case_parameters                   66378 non-null object
test_case_modifiers                    66416 non-null object
test_case_return                       66416 non-null object
test_case_body                         66416 non-null object
test_case_signature                    66416 non-null object
test_case_full_signature               66416 non-null object
test_case_class_method_signature       66416 non-null object
test_case_testcase                     66416 non-null bool
test_case_constructor                  66416 non-null bool
test_case_invocations                  66416 non-null object
focal_class_code                       66416 non-null object
test_class_code                        66416 non-null object
dtypes: bool(4), int64(3), object(33)
memory usage: 19.0+ MB
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:67: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_literals / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:91: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_ternary / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:83: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_functions / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/fromnumeric.py:3335: RuntimeWarning: Mean of empty slice.
  out=out, **kwargs)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:161: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:217: RuntimeWarning: Degrees of freedom <= 0 for slice
  keepdims=keepdims)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:186: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in true_divide
  arrmean, rcount, out=arrmean, casting='unsafe', subok=False)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:209: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:91: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_ternary / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:67: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_literals / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:83: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_functions / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/fromnumeric.py:3335: RuntimeWarning: Mean of empty slice.
  out=out, **kwargs)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:161: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:217: RuntimeWarning: Degrees of freedom <= 0 for slice
  keepdims=keepdims)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:186: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in true_divide
  arrmean, rcount, out=arrmean, casting='unsafe', subok=False)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:209: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:67: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_literals / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:91: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_ternary / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:83: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_functions / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/fromnumeric.py:3335: RuntimeWarning: Mean of empty slice.
  out=out, **kwargs)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:161: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:217: RuntimeWarning: Degrees of freedom <= 0 for slice
  keepdims=keepdims)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:186: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in true_divide
  arrmean, rcount, out=arrmean, casting='unsafe', subok=False)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:209: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:67: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_literals / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:91: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_ternary / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/features/lexical.py:83: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  value = np.log(num_functions / file_length)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/fromnumeric.py:3335: RuntimeWarning: Mean of empty slice.
  out=out, **kwargs)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:161: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:217: RuntimeWarning: Degrees of freedom <= 0 for slice
  keepdims=keepdims)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:186: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in true_divide
  arrmean, rcount, out=arrmean, casting='unsafe', subok=False)
/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:209: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "De-anonymizing_Programmers_via_Code_Stylometry.py", line 86, in <module>
    samplesdf = pd.DataFrame(samples) 
  File "/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/pandas/core/frame.py", line 450, in __init__
    arrays, columns = to_arrays(data, columns, dtype=dtype)
  File "/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/pandas/core/internals/construction.py", line 467, in to_arrays
    data, columns, coerce_float=coerce_float, dtype=dtype
  File "/home/saman.pordanesh/Large_Language_Models_in_RE/evaluator_model/.venv/lib64/python3.6/site-packages/pandas/core/internals/construction.py", line 569, in _list_of_dict_to_arrays
    content = list(lib.dicts_to_array(data, list(columns)).T)
  File "pandas/_libs/lib.pyx", line 325, in pandas._libs.lib.dicts_to_array
MemoryError: Unable to allocate 144. GiB for an array with shape (65120, 297578) and data type object
